Feature/ci pipeline GitHub (#143)
devonfw/hangar: documentation/src/github/setup-build-pipeline.asciidoc

:trigger_sentence: This workflow will be configured to be executed as a job inside a CI workflow
:pipeline_type2: GitHub action
:path_provider: github

> :extra_sentence_ci: In order to have a complete CI, you will need to create a CI workflow: xref:setup-ci-pipeline.asciidoc[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:extra_sentence_ci: Please note that *this workflow*, although manually triggerable, *is designed to be executed as part of a CI workflow*, which you can create following this xref:setup-ci-pipeline.asciidoc[guide].
```

> :extra_sentence_ci: Please note that pass:quotes[*this workflow*], although manually triggerable, pass:quotes[*is designed to be executed as part of a CI workflow*], which you can create following this xref:setup-ci-pipeline.asciidoc[guide].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:extra_sentence_ci: Please note that this workflow, although manually triggerable, is designed to be executed as part of a CI workflow, which you can create following this xref:setup-ci-pipeline.asciidoc[guide].
```
